Add S3 support + make universal repo (#8)
neuro-inc/mlops-demo-oss-dogs: AWS-S3.md

# Neu.ro MLOps platform demo project for dogs classification

## Quick Start

Sign up at [app.neu.ro](https://app.neu.ro) and setup your local machine according to [these instructions](https://docs.neu.ro/getting-started#installing-the-cli).

To get access to the sandbox environment that contains all the components installed and configured, please [contact our team](team@neu.ro).

## Preparation

```shell
neuro login
```

> Edit `.neuro/project.yml` and set owner to your username and role to `<YOUR_USERNAME>/projects/mlops-demo-oss-dogs`.

Reviewer: Also, mention one should rename `.neuro/live-s3.yml` to `.neuro/live.yml`

Build all images used in the flow:

```shell
neuro-flow build ALL
```

Create a secret with a private SSH key for accessing the GitHub repository (pull/push access should be allowed and the SSH key should not be protected with a passphrase):

```shell
neuro secret add gh-rsa @~/.ssh/id_rsa
```

> Create a service account for authenticating the training pipeline:

Reviewer: we don't need SA, its token and ACL sharing in this flow, afaiu.

```shell
neuro service-account create --name mlops-demo-oss-dogs
```

Take the full token from the command's output and store it in a secret:

```shell
neuro secret add platform-config FULL_TOKEN_FROM_OUTPUT
```

Create secret for Label Studio token:

```shell
neuro secret add ls-token token123456
```

Create a new bucket for storing data and AWS credentials

```shell
neuro blob mkbucket --name mlops-demo-oss-dogs
neuro blob mkcredentials mlops-demo-oss-dogs --name mlops-demo-oss-dogs-credentials
```

Grant permissions for the new service account

```shell
export USER=<YOUR_USERNAME>
export PROJECT=mlops-demo-oss-dogs
export PREFIX="/${USER}/${PROJECT}/"
export ACCOUNT=${USER}/service-accounts/${PROJECT}
export ROLE=${USER}/projects/${PROJECT//-/_}

neuro acl grant storage:${PREFIX} ${ROLE} write
neuro acl grant blob:${PREFIX} ${ROLE} write
neuro acl grant job:/${ACCOUNT} ${ACCOUNT} manage
neuro acl grant image:${PREFIX} ${ROLE} read 
neuro acl grant secret:gh-rsa ${ROLE} read
neuro acl grant secret:ls-token ${ROLE} read
neuro acl grant role://${ROLE} ${ACCOUNT} read
```

Download the full dataset to storage:

```shell
neuro-flow run prepare_remote_dataset
```

## The flow

> - Pick 15 images from the dataset and put them under Pachyderm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pick 15 images from the dataset and put them to S3 bucket:
```

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run extend_data --param extend_dataset_by 15
  ```

- Run [Label Studio](https://labelstud.io/) in a browser in order to process the images for training. Label Studio closes automatically when all images are marked and commits a new dataset version.

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run label_studio
  ```

- Run training with labeled data.

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run train
  ```

- You may follow the training process in the [MLFlow](https://www.mlflow.org/) server's Web UI using the provided link or open it again.

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run mlflow_server

>   ```

Reviewer: If one has no access to the MLFlow server deployed by you or someone else, we could give a hint to launch it and adjust live.yaml config - MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI env var in defaults.

- Pick a run ID value from MLFlow's Web UI and deploy the trained model as a REST API on the platform:

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run deploy_inference_platform --param run_id XXXXXX  --param mlflow_storage $MLFLOW_STORAGE
  ```

- Run a stress test on the deployed model via Locust (open up web UI), specifying the model's endpoint URI. If the model is deployed as a platform job, you should use `https://demo-oss-dogs-test-inference--<username>.jobs.<cluster-name>.org.neu.ro/api/v1.0/predictions`, and `http://seldon.<cluster-name>.org.neu.ro/seldon/seldon/<model-name>-<model-stage>/api/v1.0/predictions` if the model is deployed in Seldon.

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run locust --param endpoint_url <Address>
  ```

- Run [SHAP](https://shap.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) in Jupyter Notebook to explain the output of the trained model:

  ```shell
  neuro-flow run jupyter --param run_id XXXXXX --param mlflow_storage $MLFLOW_STORAGE
  ```

## Optional steps:

- Add 10 more images to the dataset, label them, and retrain the model:

```shell
neuro-flow run extend_data --param extend_dataset_by 10
neuro-flow run label_studio
neuro-flow run train
```

> - Deploy the model to Seldon using our Kubernetes [MLFlow2Seldon operator](https://github.com/neuro-inc/mlops-k8s-mlflow2seldon) (assume the operator is already deployed). In this case, you will also need a Seldon Core installation up and running on the cluster.

Reviewer: Maybe, better ask folks to contact us, if they want to try an operator.
```suggestion
- Deploy the model to Seldon using our Kubernetes [MLFlow2Seldon operator](https://github.com/neuro-inc/mlops-k8s-mlflow2seldon) (contact us at mlops[at]neu.ro if you need a deployed operator).
```
